I suppose I watched, I think when I was in the sixth form we did watch television in
the evening a little bit more because I didn't have the, I didn't do the amount of subjects
then, things eased off in the sixth form. But my viewing pattern, I think, well you
see I've moved about a bit. Now when I went to college we did have a television in the
college. And then when I went to work in Liverpool we did hire a television set, you know, on,
what do you call it, on higher purchase, a DER it was, and do you know there were four
of us in the first year working there. And this girl, no when we went to the shop the
man said to us, I know we asked him about that, and then when he realised we wanted
to have a television he wouldn't sell it, he wouldn't let us have it, and I said why?
He said you're too young. I said we're teachers. And he didn't believe me. They wouldn't sell
us. And do you know I also had somebody who wouldn't sell me the news of the world either.
They said you're too young. This woman had, the papers weren't on the counter, they were
at the back. And this old lady wouldn't let me have the news of the world. That we must
have looked young. We must have done. Oh dear me. I wish that had happened now. Anyway,
the thing was, so yes we had this, eventually we did have a television from another shop,
DER it was, but I don't know that we watched a lot of television. I don't recall watching
programmes much on it except the news maybe. I remember on one occasion there was something
about the pill which was quite controversial at the time. I don't remember watching anything
much. I can't remember a programme, or coronation treat because my friend was, oh she's been
faithfully watching coronation treat for years. And so we did watch that. But I suppose we
went out more in those days. When you're younger you go out more don't you? And I was very
much in with a Welsh group in Liverpool then. And then I went to London and we had, we didn't
have a television there. But I was only there a term anyway. And then I came back to the
Wirral and yes I did have a television but not immediately. I did go out more in the
beginning. But then I had my own flat and I had a television there which was black
and white. Most people had black and white then. And I think I watched coronation treat,
I've always liked coronation treat, don't watch any other soap. And the news as well.
So I've always been clued up to the news really. And I used to watch the golf and a horror
film on a Monday night. Not that I like horror films now. And sports, I love sports. I like
watching rugby. I like watching Formula One and tennis. I watched tennis there and we
used to discuss the games at school as well. Because in those days Wimbledon started about
2 o'clock was it? Yes so we finished work at 3 o'clock so we used to be rushing home
at that time because things were easing off then with summer term. It was nearly holiday
time wasn't it? And so to watch the matches. It was at the time when Chris Evert was in
a hay day and people like that. And, wait a minute, yes I remember watching those, I
think I suppose really I watched more television when I had my own flat. I know at home my
father used to like wrestling on a Saturday afternoon which I didn't so I didn't watch
that. Yes I suppose I was more aware of television in the 60s, 70s. And I've always been a fan
of TV. I'm a selective viewer but I do like certain things. I love historical drama and
things like silk. And another one I loved, well this was, I was still at school then,
they used to have a program called No Hiding Place. It was a detective thing but it was
lovely, a lovely program on a Sunday night I think it was. I think it was a Sunday night.
And they had quite nice music to introduce it as well. Yes. And then in later years I
watched Van der Valk. Do you remember that? I'm probably talking about things you don't
know about. Van der Valk that was another television program based in Holland. And that
was very iconic music. Have you ever heard of that? Yes that's it. And yes there have
been some, I love documentaries if they interest me. And of course in later, well I'm sorry
now that Learning Zone is on in the middle of the night. Although I'm late, I'm late
up and it's too late, it's four o'clock or something. But it used to be on about midnight
at one time and I used to love watching some of that because it's quite educational.